add note for setup kafka acl (#192)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: integrations/sources/confluent-cloud.mdx

1. Select the Confluent Cloud Kafka cluster you just create from the dashboard.
2. Click the **API Keys** tab.

> 3. Add a new **service account** API key for the cluster you just created, and setup the ACL for allowing READ operation for consumer groups with `rw-consumer` (align with `group.id.prefix` in the WITH clause).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add a new **service account** API key for the cluster you just created, and set up the ACL to allow READ operation for consumer groups with `rw-consumer` (aligned with `group.id.prefix` in the WITH clause).
```
